***ANSWER ALL QUESTIONS BELOW***

What is a programming language?
Answer: A programming language is a computer readable language that programmers use to develop software and applications
        that can be executed by the computer.

What is a JDK composed of? Define each components?
Answer: Every JDK consists of:
        i) a Java Runtime Environment (JRE), which is a software bundle consisting of external libraries,
        that help a Java program to run. A JRE also consists of a JVM.
        ii) an Interpreter (Text Editor), where a programmer can write his source code
        iii) a Compiler, which converts the source code into machine readable bytecode.

What is an IDE?
Answer: IDE means Integrated Development Environment. It is a software that helps programmers to develop applications
        by providing them with a user friendly interface and making code programming easy.

What are some of the most popular Java IDEs available in the market?
Answer: IntelliJ, Eclipse, Dr.Java, NetBeans, JDeveloper, JCreator etc

Explain the entire java life cycle.
Answer: A programmer writes a .java source code using a text editor. That source code goes through a Java Compiler
        which converts the source code into a machine readable bytecode. The bytecode is sent to the JVM where the
        machine reads the bytecode and with the help of external libraries verifies if there are any errors in the code.
        Depending whether there are any errors or not in the code, the Interpreter executes the code and displays the output.

What is a class?
Answer: A class is a blueprint that consists of various states (variables) and behaviours (methods), from which
        objects can be created.

What is an object?
Answer: Objects are Instances (References) of a Class which are used to access the various states and behaviours of a Class.

What is the entry point of an application?
Answer: The main() method is the entry point to any Java application.

Why is the main() static?
Answer: Java program's main method has to be declared static because keyword static allows main to be called without
        creating an object of the class in which the main method is defined. Without having declared main method static,
        your program will successfully compile but won't execute and report error at run time.

Which class is the superclass of all classes?
Answer: The Object class, stored in the java.lang package is the ultimate superclass of all Java classes.

What is difference between path and classpath variables?
Answer: PATH is an Environment Variable of a Computer System, which is used to locate JDK binaries, like "java" or "javac"
        commands, used to run java programs and compile java source files. Whereas, CLASSPATH is an Environment Variable
        used by the System or Application Classloader, to locate and load compiled Java bytecodes stored in the .class file.

What is the difference between an Interface and Abstract class?
Answer: Interfaces are 100% abstract. All the variables and methods declared in an Interface are abstract. Whereas,
        an Abstract Class may have a non-Abstract method as well. Also, an abstract class has to be inherited (extends)
        by the child class whereas, the Interface has to be implemented (implements) by the child class.

Can you make an Object from an Interface and Abstract class? If yes or no, how would you do it?
Answer: No, we cannot create objects of either Interface or of Abstract Classes. We need to extend an Abstract class into
        a sub-class or child class and this way we can use its variables and over-ride its methods. Similarly, we need to
        implement an Interface to a sub-class and over-ride its method body.

What is Access Modifier?
Answer: Access Modifiers are keywords that set/ define the accessibility of a Class, Constructors, Variables and Methods.
        The following are the types of Access modifiers in java: public, protected and private. If an access modifier is
        not declared for a class or its members, by default they are set as Private.

What is OOP? Define each OOP concept.
Answer: OOP means Object Oriented Programming, which effectively means Programming done with help of Objects. Objects or
        Instances are created of a Class which are then used to access or call out non-static variables and methods of '
        a class. In Java, there are 4 major concepts of an Object Oriented Programming:
        1) ENCAPSULATION: is a method in which we hide the data by declaring the variables and methods as private.
        The only way to access those variables and methods, is by the help of Getters and Setters.
        2) ABSTRACTION: is a method used to hide sensitive data from End-Users and just providing them with the final
        executable method. For this concept we have to use the "abstract" keyword in order to declare a method abstract.
        And whenever a class has even one abstract method, the class has to be declared abstract as well. Abstract classes
        HAVE to be inherited by a sub-class which HAS to over-ride its abstract method.
        3) POLYMORPHISM: is a concept in which we can have methods with the same name and similar functionality by the use
        of different parameters. There are 2 types of Polymorphism: Method Overloading & Method Overriding. In method
        overloading, we can give the same name to different methods but overload them with different parameters. The
        parameters should vary by a) number of parameters, b) type of parameters and c) order of parameters. In method
        Over-riding, the subclass over-rides a method from the parent class that it is inheriting.
        4) INHERITANCE: is a concept in which programmers create new classes that share some of the attributes of the
        existing classes. This way, if a method is of use in another class, it does not have to be re-written by the
        programmer. It can simply be inherited by the other class. A child class or subclass can inherit a parent class
        or super class by using the "extends" keyword.

What is Java Package and which package is imported by default?
Answer: Package can be called as a folder in which all the classes are stored. By default, the java.lang package is
        imported by default. It contains all the fundamental classes that are required to design a basic java program.

What is an API? List some API's that you have used so far.
Answer: API stands for Application Programming Interface. It is a software Intermediary that allows interaction between
        two software. In simple words, APIs are messengers that relay information back and forth between different
        applications and servers. Github is one application that we use that interacts with IntelliJ and pulls and pushes
        the source codes from IntelliJ to the Github Repositories.

Does java support multiple inheritance? Why or why not?
Answer: Java does support Multi-Level Inheritance but DOES NOT support multiple Inheritance between Classes. A class can
        Inherit just one Parent Class at a time. The reason for that is because if a class inherits two different parent
        classes and each of the parent class has a similar method or field, then the Java Compiler would get confused as
        to which field is being called upon and which method has to be over-ridden. (A class could IMPLEMENT Multiple
        Interfaces though).

What is method overloading and when does it happen?
Answer: Method Overloading is the technique by which we can have methods with the same name, that perform same or similar
        functions, but we have to overload them with different parameters. The parameters have to vary by number, type
        and order of parameters when the method is called.

Explain exceptions in java and how to handle them.
Answer: Exceptions are events that occur during the execution of a program, that disrupts the normal flow of the program
        instructions. When an error occurs within a method,the method creates an "Object", called EXCEPTION and hands it
        over to the runtime system. This Exception object, contains information about the error, including its type and
        the state of the program when the error occurred. Creating an Exception object and handing it to the runtime system
        is called "throwing an exception". The runtime system, searches for a method that contains a block of code, called
        "try-catch block", that can handle the exception. This is also called as an "Exception Handler".

What is static keyword? When and how do we use it?
Answer: In Java, the static keyword indicates that the particular member (variable, method etc) belongs to a type itself,
        rather than to an instance of that type. So basically, if any variable or method is declared as static, it means
        that they can be called or accessed in the same class or any other class without creating an object of that class.
        If we need to call in that variable or method in any other class, we just need to declare the class Name, followed
        by a dot operator and then the name of the static variable or method.

What is final keyword? When and how do we use it?
Answer: final is a keyword that can be used when declaring an entity. The entity can be a class, a variable or a method.
        When we declare an entity as final, it means that the values cannot be modified in the future. This also means,
        that we should initialize a final variable upon declaring it. The naming convention of a final variable is
        SNAKE_CASE.

Explain the difference between final, finally and finalize?
Answer: "final" is a keyword that is used to declare a constant, whose value cannot be modified. "finally" is a block or
         a code block, which is used to place important code. The codes in the finally code block will be executed whether
         exception is handled or not. "Finalize" is a method, which is called by the garbage collector, when garbage
         collection determines that there are no more references to an object.

What is a constructor?
Answer: Constructor looks like a method but is not a method, as it does not have a return type. Whenever a class is
        created, a default constructor is automatically created in java. Constructors are used to create objects(instances)
        of a class.

Can we have multiple constructors in a class?
Answer: Yes, we can have multiple constructors in a class, but they would need to be overloaded with different parameters.

If we don't have a constructor declared, what is called during the object creation?
Answer: The default constructors are implicitly defined whenever a class is created. Those default constructors are used
        for object creations.

What is "this" keyword in Java? When would we use it?
Answer: this keywords are used to assign values to global variables via Constructors and Setters.

What is "super" keyword in Java? What are some scenarios we would use it?
Answer: super keyword refers to the superclass in java. Whenever a subclass inherits a superclass, the first thing it
        should do is to inherit its constructor as well. This is one instance where we use the super keyword, where we
        create the constructor of the child class followed by super(), which is basically the constructor for the super
        class.

What does JVM stand for?
Answer: JVM stands for JAVA VIRTUAL MACHINE.

Is JVM platform independent?
Answer: NO. JVMs are platform-dependant, because different JVMs are designed for different Operating Systems.

What version of Java are you using?
Answer: JDK 11.

What does JAR stand for?
Answer: jar stands for Java Archive.

What is the difference between JDK and JVM?
Answer: JVM is a part of JDK. JDK is a software development environment used for developing java programs or applications.
        JDK consists of JRE and JVM. JVM is an environment to execute bytecodes.

What is the difference between JVM and JRE?
Answer: JRE is a software bundle that allows java program to run. Whereas, JVM is an environment for executing bytecodes.

Explain the difference between compile-time and run-time?
Answer: Compile time is a term used when a program or application is being complied. Whereas, run-time is a term used when
        the program or code is executed.

What is heap?
Answer: Heap is an area of a computers memory where the objects are stored. Whenever an object is created or instantiated,
        it gets assigned a memory address and the instance variable created for that object points to that address in heap.

How does Java manage its memory?
Answer: Java manages its memory automatically by allocating objects a memory space when they are created and then by
        de-allocating the memory when the objects are not used. Java uses an automatic memory management system called
        "Garbage collector". Thus, we are not required to apply memory management logic in our programming.

What is the difference between String, StringBuffer and StringBuilder?
Answer: String, StringBuffer and StringBuilder are all three classes in java. The "String" class is immutable, which means
        the value given to initialize a reference variable of String type, cannot be mutated. Whereas, "StringBuffer" and
        "StringBuilder" classes are mutable. "StringBuffer" is synchronized, ie 'thread-safe'. It means two threads can't
        call the methods of StringBuffer simultaneously. Whereas, "StringBuilder" is non-Synchronized,ie not 'thread-safe'.
        So, two methods can call the methods of StringBuilder simultaneously.

What is Singleton class?
Answer: Singleton is a class that can have only 1 object. In order to do that, the constructor of a Singleton class should
        be declared as Private. Also, access modifier of the instance should be made private and static. And then a Getter
        method should be created which shall return the instance of that class. The return type for this getter method
        shall be of type Singleton class and it should be declared as public and static.

What is Serialization and Deserialization?
Answer: Serialization is a mechanism of converting the state of an object into byte stream, which then can be saved into
        a file on the local disk or sent over the network to any other machine. And Deserialization allows us to reverse
        the process, which means reconverting the serialized byte stream to an object again.

Explain the difference between While and Do..While loops?
Answer: In a while loop, Java first checks the condition. If the condition is true, then only will the loop iterate, otherwise
        it will end. In a Do-While loop, the code will be executed at least once before the condition is checked.

What is Enum?
Answer: Enum is a special class in which all the variables declared are constants ie they are final by default. To declare
        a class as enum, we use the "enum" keyword instead of the "class" or "interface" keywords. Also, all the variables
        declared in an enum are in SNAKE_CASE.

What is Iterator?
Answer: Iterator is an Object of an Interface in Java. It is used to iterate or loop through collections, like ArrayList
        and HashSets.

Which one will take more memory: an int or Integer? Why?
Answer: I would say that Integer would take up more memory because Integer is an object which is created of an Integer
        wrapper class. So when an object is created, it is created in the heap memory space and the allocation for an
        object in heap memory is always more than a primitive data type stored in the stack.

Why are Strings considered to be immutable in Java?
Answer: Strings are immutable because the String class in Java library is declared as final, which means that String is a
        constant. So whatever is the initial value given to a String variable that would be final.

What is constructor chaining in Java?
Answer: The process of invoking a sequence of constructors upon initialization of a class object, is called Constructor
        Chaining. It is useful when we want to invoke multiple constructors, one after the other, by initializing only
        one instance. Also, it becomes useful when dealing with Inheritance.

The difference between Serial and Parallel Garbage Collector?
Answer: Serial GC uses a single thread for garbage collection. It is best suited for simple command line programs. Whereas,
        Parallel GC, uses multiple threads for garbage collection. Parallel GC are also called as throughput collectors.

What does JIT stands for?
Answer: JIT stands for Java In-Time Compiler. It is a part of JVM that optimizes the performance of an application. JIT
        Compilation is also known as Dynamic Compilation.

Explain the process of Java garbage collection?
Answer: Java garbage collection is an automatic process in which when a java program is created, java automatically
        does memory management. Whenever a java program is compiled, objects are created and stored in heap, which is a
        memory area dedicated to the program. When the objects are unused or no longer in use, the GC finds these unused
        objects and deletes them from heap to free up memory space.

Can you guarantee the garbage collection process?
Answer: No. A garbage collection process cannot be guaranteed because even if a programmer explicitly defines the GC codes,
        there are chances those codes wont run or execute upon the execution of the program as GC would assume the objects
        as still usable by the program.

What is the difference between stack and heap in Java?
Answer: Stack and Heap are two memory spaces in a System where different data types and methods are stored. All Primitive
        data types are stored on Stack whereas Non-Primitive data types or the objects that are created, are stored on
        Heap. Stacks are a linear storage structure which follows the LIFO removal concept, whereas Heaps are hierarchical
        storage structures, where an object is given a random space in memory. Stacks are much faster as compared to Heaps.

What is reflection in Java and why is it useful?
Answer: Reflection is an API and a process in java which is used to analyze and modify the capabilities of a class and its
        members (like constructors and methods), at runtime. One advantage of reflection API in java is that it can access
        private members of a class as well. The "java.lang.reflect" package provides many classes to implement reflection.
        "java.Methods" of the "java.lang.Class" class, is used to gather the complete metadata of a particular class.

What is multithreading in Java?
Answer: A thread in Java, is the path followed when executing a program in java. All java programs have at least one thread
        known as the main thread, which is created by the JVM, at the program's start, when the main() method is invoked
        with the main thread. so, Multithreading, is a process of executing two or more threads simultaneously. Hence, it
        is also known as Concurrency. Multithreaded application execute two or more threads run concurrently, ie. each
        thread runs parallel to each other.

What is synchronization in Java?
Answer: Synchronization in java, is the the capability to control the access of multiple threads to any shared resources.
        Java synchronization is a better option when we want to allow only one thread to access the shared resource. We
        do this with the help of a synchronized block which is synchronized on some object. All synchronized blocks,
        synchronized on the same object, can only have one thread executing inside of them at a time. All other threads
        attempting to enter the synchronized block are blocked until the thread inside the synchronized block exits the block.

What is a Framework?
Answer: Java framework is the body or platform of pre-written codes, used by Java developers, to develop java applications.

What are the testing Frameworks available in Java?
Answer: A testing framework is a set of guidelines or rules used for creating and designing test cases. Some of the
        testing frameworks available in java are as follows: JBehave, JUnit, TestNG, Serenity, Selenide, Gauge, Spock,
        JWebUnit etc.

What are jUnit and testNG?
Answer: JUnit and TestNG are testing frameworks available in Java to unit test an application or program. JUnit is an
        open-source framework used to trigger and write tests. TestNG is a Java-based framework that is an upgraded option
        for running test cases. JUnit does not support to run parallel tests, whereas TestNG can run parallel tests.

What are the dependencies for this project?
Answer: gson, jackson, json, mongo, mysql and testng are the dependencies used for this project.

What is dependency injection in Java?
Answer: Dependency Injection (DI) is the concept in which objects get other required objects from outside or an external
        source. DI can be implemented in any programming language. A java class has a dependency on another class, if it
        uses an instance of that class.

Explain what static binding and dynamic binding is?
Answer: Static Binding uses Type Information for binding while Dynamic Binding uses Objects to resolve binding. Overloaded
        methods are resolved  using static binding while over-ridden methods are resolved using Dynamic binding, ie. at
        run-time. Static binding happens when all information needed to call a function is available at the compile-time.
        Dynamic binding happens when all information needed for a function call cannot be determined at compile time.